[Music]
Hello my dearest lovers of the
heart, how are you? I hope you are
enjoying the day a lot. It's finally
Friday, finally the weekend, and well,
it seems that we are not done with Rocío
Carrasco, I already said it the other day I was
watching many YouTubers already trembling
because the Rocío Carrasco issue was ending.
No, don't worry, you can still
continue paying the mortgage, don't worry,
friends, there is still Rocío Carrasco
for a while. And Rocío Carrasco has
arrived at Telecinco to stay, at
least for a long time, we will see
until when and how they are turning
things around because of course, just like I told you since March 2021, I still maintain that the story is very long and the story may still take a turn and at some point, due to the company, by number or whatever, but at some point, Telecinco will have to manage to
turn things around and start
attacking Rocío Carrasco because that would
simply raise the audience, I mean,
imagine suddenly a problem in which they
begin  to dismantle the
documentary itself they begin to dismantle with
evidence each and every one of the
episodes that Rocío Carrasco has been recounting
suddenly they call Antonio David
suddenly they call people who have
opposing testimony suddenly
everything can be dismantled very easily with all
the complete documentation without arriving with
everything and at some point that is going to be, I
mean we are going to see Netflix telecinco
atresmedia whoever is worth all the
networks and all the companies and no longer the
companies the people at the top those who
manage him Jorge Javier may love
Rocío Carrasco very much Adela may
love Rocío Carrasco a lot María
Patiño may be super suck up to Rocío
Carrasco But in the end those at the top The
big bosses what they look at are the
numbers so Rocío Carrasco the
numbers where they go down well what must be
done to raise it This is what
sells give it a thrashing from all
sides and we are going to have in the future maybe
in the medium term or long term maybe
in four or five years I don't
know but we are going to have programs
dismantling Rocío Carrasco step by step for sure
or in other words count on it therefore  Rocio
Carrasco is not done family before
continuing with the video I have to give
some news bomb or not so bomb
we'll see what you think But before
continuing with the video of course as
always remind you all to please
subscribe to the Channel you know that it is
completely free we are about to I
think that today we will reach 70,000 I
mean I think that today we will reach
70,000 if we give it the last
push which in fact I think for
today It is safe worth subscribing
absolutely everyone who is
watching This video okay you click the
subscribe button it is completely free and
nothing 70,000 subscribers Wow how crazy I
mean I did not expect at any moment to
have 70,000 subscribers on this channel
But well we have them so we have to
move forward with this family that I have
chosen I love you very much family
well here you have it the tweet itself
says it no Rocio Carrasco returns to the
mediafest this time as a guest artist
with Anabel Dueñas well Here I have
several things that they commented okay
first of all this account  It's the
official account of El MediaFest, they're not
verified or anything, but it's the
official one because they're publishing videos
that they're not publishing elsewhere.
Okay, what's going on, look how
reliable these people from the
Telecinco TV factory are and what they
inform themselves, they've tagged an
Anabel Dueñas who is worth seeing and being passionate about. A
Mexican musical theater single, which is a
coincidence, okay, it's a
coincidence that she has the same name as another
person who is also a singer. Okay,
but no, no, this one is not Anabel Dueñas. That's how she
is Mexican. This is not Anabel Dueña, I
mean, she has the same name and they've tagged
another Anabel Dueñas who is not okay. Rocio
Carrasco is returning to the Media Fest this time
as a guest artist alongside Anabel
Dueña this time as a guest artist.
Well, the other time she was a
star artist, the star artist is not in the
last one, it was Ana Maria Eldon and now Rocio
Carrasco, but let's see if Rocio
Carrasco was already in the other Media Fest
because she has to be in this one. Again.
Well, I'll tell you why they have to
give her work. Okay, when  once the Media
Fest is over they'll invent something else to
give Rocío Carrasco a job in but they're going to be
giving her work all the time I mean they're
not going to leave her unemployed her job is
going to be the TV factory and if
there are no sections programs or whatever they're
going to invent something else okay I love that
Anabel Dueña is plugging in too
Anabel Dueña the truth is that she's hit
it big eh I mean because they
have her in the play this Anabel
Dueña no she's never going to be unemployed
either for Rocío Carrasco because
everything Rocío Carrasco goes to she makes a
space for her we already had her in the
trailers thing no the truth is that to be
honest I think the girl
seems pretty I don't think she
sings badly I think she's like that as far as I like
her she seems like she looks
very nice very very funny no but
really to play Rocío
Jurado No what happens is that what they
did in the in the program this
trailers okay it was a very
nice montage that they made with  Rocio Jurado
who seemed like he was singing with her
and so on I don't know if you remember and it was very
very cool it was very cool no but I
love it that the the plugged in
everywhere okay I
want to go swimming gym girl what do you have to
do tomorrow Why why do you have to
act like that no girl what do you have to
do tomorrow Well look
tomorrow I have to go shopping I have to
go to the gym ingredients she
says don't tell me and we're going to make a mess and
Carrasco says I'm gaining weight well well
nothing let's see they already
announced it this afternoon while
we were live
they announced it on something happens TV which you already know
is an account that the truth publishes
things that are quite reliable they have
rarely been wrong okay
I want to remember that also that account on
one occasion published that there are already youtubers who have
received lawsuits and I am
not And none of mine are
because I would know and I would have
told you because I do not keep any
news to myself I am very sorry for the people who
are around me But anyway
Honestly they have already
announced officially on Telecinco okay for the
first time  Rocio Carrasco and Ana Maria
Aldon will coincide on set and
will star in a great a great face to
face a great face to face
wow
wow family
Wow Ana Maria no eh I mean already
directly
Ana Maria Eldon with the
direct enemies of the father of her child eh
directly I don't know what you all think
about this but we saw it coming Wow I
hadn't read this eh I'm reading it
now while I was recording the
video I mean I really don't know what
this guy is doing
but tremendous tremendous for the first time
with Ana Maria Aldon rociíto and Anabel
Dueñas will sing together tomorrow at the
Media Fest she will meet again with Ana Maria
Aldon they want to get an audience by any means and
provoke the Ortega family blackout no let's
see them no they want to provoke It's the one
who wants to participate too and the one who
lends herself to provoke
Ana Maria herself But well I'll leave it there family
What do you think I'll be reading you in
the comments box I send you a
huge hug and until the next video
[Music]